Galley
the galley. not sure what you'd want to eat in here now.
counter
box
cabinet
seeing it lying right out in the open, you pick up a'n' <placeholder> from the counter
a large box sits against the fridge. black liquid is leaking from the fridge soaking the bottom of the box. inside is a'n <placeholder>
searching the disheveled contents of the sink cabinets, you discover a'n <placeholder> in working order
nothing on the counter.
a large box sits against the fridge. black liquid is leaking from the bridge soaking the bottom of the box. inside . nothing.
is that rotting food? no. that's something else. there's nothing there you need.
Barracks
the barracks. we all slept here. even with all the crew members, it felt comfortable back then
footlocker
lump in the bedsheets
suspicious crack in the floor
searching the broken footlocker, you find a'n <placeholder>. breathe easy
unready for what you might find, you lift the sheets. a'n <placeholder> rests in the center of the cot
you wedge up the crack in the floor, you reach into the dark crevice and pull out a'n <placeholder>
you throw off the broken lock and open the locker: a uniform and a harmonica. nothing of use
you lift up the sheets. its not what you thought'd it be, but a pile of dirty laundry is nothing useful
how could anyone have hidden anything in such an open space. must not have stayed hidden for long. its empty
Lab
the lab. not sure what they were working on here. the scientists were always a little unsettling
trash can
under the desk
desk drawer
never thought I'd feel clean rummaging through trash. you find a'n <placeholder>
a scientist lies dead under the desk, clutching a book that smells like rotting flesh. underneath him you find a'n <placeholder>
you pull open the drawer. underneath some folders, you find a'n <placeholder>
the trash has some crumbled pieces of paper with nonsensical glyphs on them? there's nothing here.
a deceased scientist lies crumbled underneath the desk, something was eating him? i need to leave.
dang, the drawer seems to be stuck. with a little force, you rip it open. nothing in there
Engine_2
the secondary engine room. potentially operational. but with only one...
under the smoking rubble
mess of tangled hydraulic pipes
engine
pushing aside the fused mass of metal and slime, you wipe off a'n <placeholder>
they're cold to the touch. you found a'n <placeholder>
sifting through engine ports, metal shards, and electric wire, you find a'n <placeholder>
there's a lot to sift through, you don't think there's anything in there
nothing
you search through ports and wiring, but you find nothing
Cpt_Quarters
the captain's quarters. you've never been inside. she never let on how nice she had it
her closet
her desk
behind the bed
you push aside the uniforms. far in the back, you discover a'n <placeholder>
you pull open the drawer, a pair of handcuffs and a'n <placeholder>
risking the noise, you move the bed. stuck in between the bed and the wall, you find a'n <placeholder>
you never really saw her wear anything else. makes sense its just full of uniforms. nothing useful
handcuffs, a ship in a bottle, and a family photo. nothing useful
peering between the bed and the wall, you don't spot anything
Engine_1
the primary engine room. its beyond repair. this ship is going nowhere
tool bag
the captain
engine
you open the bag and pull out a'n <placeholder>
why'd she come here? resting beside the captain is a'n <placeholder>
familiar territory, you rifle through the engine and pull out a'n <placeholder>
the tool bag is empty
slumped in such a mangled manner, you search the captain for anything. you find nothing and feel terrible
there's a lot to sift through, you don't think there's anything in there
Black_Hole
!
!
!
!
!
!
!
!
!
!
War_Room
the war room. scrawled in red over the large table are the words: "'such terrifying vistas of reality' and our 'frighful position therein', we shall flee the light and pursue a new 'Dark Age'". in the center of the table is a symbol: three circles (red, blue, and black) surrounding a larger black circle. "runes" is crudely etched beside the symbol..
the table
dead crew members
overhead
at the end of the table, a'n <placeholder>!
you summon your strength to gently move your fellow shipmates. you find a'n <placeholder>
standing on a chair, you pull down a piece of the ceiling. out drops a'n <placeholder>
there's nothing on the table
you're not sure what you'd find, but you push aside the bodies. your hands are dirty and you come up with nothing
pulling chairs together, you pull down a piece of the ceiling. someone had wedged himself up there. you step down
Core
the core of the ship. you're pretty sure the crash that woke you was the core imploding
maintenance board
core shaft
chief engineer office
smoke emanates from the board. you check behind it and find a'n <placeholder>
its a long way down. dangling over the edge is a'n <placeholder>
the door is jammed on something, you can see blood coming from the under the door. kicking in the door, you find a'n <placeholder>
sparks fly from the board but you open the panel. nothing
the implosion destroyed most everything around it. you don't find anything
the office door's kicked in. the chief engineer didn't want to fight anymore. office is empty
Garage
the garage. all of the escape pods have been jettisoned or destroyed, except the captain's pod. down with the ship
the rover
spare suits
decontamination shower
inside the rover, there's a man babbling to himself about being all alone on mars. you reach over him and grab a'n <placeholder>
you check the pockets of the suits. nothing. but sitting beside them is a'n <placeholder>
inside the shower, you find a'n <placeholder>
a babbling man sits in the driver's seat. he fails to acknowledge you, so you look inside. just potatoes... 
just children's sizes left. nothing
you peek in the shower, a steady drip threatens your composure. you don't find anything and close the curtain
Rec_Area
the rec area, the most bloodshed happened in here. the horrors are getting too much. its up to your ankles
backpack
side panel
burnt huddle
you unzip the large backpack. who did this belong to, there's a'n <placeholder> inside it
you lift back the panel, inside is a shaking child with blonde stringy hair. she won't take your hand, but she gives you a'n <placeholder>
you push aside masses of bone and ash. you dust off a'n <placeholder>
the backpack is full of strange drawings. a child has drawn a humanoid figure, larger than a planet, with tentacles that engulf the globe
you lift back the panel, inside is a shaking child with blonde stringy hair. she bites at your hand when you reach for her. you close up her hiding spot
the crackling intensifies as you push bones aside. the smell...you can't keep looking
Bridge
the bridge. you look out the curved window. you've woken up to a nightmare
command chair
comms terminal
pilots chair
as if thrown on the command chair, you find a'n <placeholder>
you dislodge the grasp of the deceased crewmember slouched across the terminal. hidden under her is a'n <placeholder>
you grab the <placeholder> thats stashed under the chair
it doesn't feel like you thought. there's nothing
you catch a glimpse of your reflection in the screen. you're not all there
you're in total control of..a broken ship drifting through space. nothing
Armory
the armory. the place must've been raided in the confusion and insanity.
locker
duffle bag
bullet strewn crewmember
the locker has been busted open, you find a'n <placeholder> inside
you find a'n <placeholder> inside the duffle bag surrounded by security uniforms
not sure what this person did to deserve this. upon closer inspection, the blood hides strange markings etched all across his body. he's covering a'n <placeholder>
you peek inside the busted locker. there's nothing inside
you empty the duffle bag. nothing useful
he's smiling. unsettled, your eyes follow strange markings that carve pathways across his entire body. you don't find anything
Biome
the biome. closest thing to earth on SONUM. however, here in the garden, organic material seems to warp into hideous configurements near the black hole
bio-material
unrecognizable mass
tree trunk
you find a'n <placeholder> within the detritus from the biome. the rotting leaves have such a familiar scent
an undulating mass sits before you. you plunge your arm inside and pull out a'n <placeholder>
someone has hacked away at a treen trunk and placed something inside. you find a'n <placeholder>
its empty
an undulating mass sits before you. you plunge your arm inside and pull out...a tooth? you throw it away.
whatever someone had hidden in this trunk has been taken